docs(35/migrations) cover upgrade paths from Core (#1261)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/enterprise/0.35-x/deployment/migrations.md

### Prerequisites for Migrating to 0.35

* If running a version of Kong Enterprise earlier than 0.34, it is necessary to [upgrade to 0.34](/enterprise/0.34-x/deployment-guide/#upgrading-to-034) first before migrating to 0.35.

> * If running Kong Core versions 0.14 or 0.15, you must [upgrade to Core 1.0](/1.0.x/upgrading/) before upgrading to Enterprise 0.35. You cannot upgrade to Enterprise 0.34 first.

Reviewer: Unless we hear otherwise...

```suggestion
* If running Kong versions 0.14 or 0.15, you must [upgrade to Kong 1.0](/1.0.x/upgrading/) before upgrading to Kong Enterprise 0.35. You cannot upgrade to Kong Enterprise 0.34 first.
```

> * If running Kong Core versions 0.13 or older, you can either upgrade to Core 1.0 or Enterprise 0.34 before upgrading to Enterprise 0.35.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If running Kong version 0.13 or older, you can either upgrade to Kong 1.0 or Kong Enterprise 0.34 before upgrading to Kong Enterprise 0.35.
```
